[docs] Label all demos and document labeling (#3635)
mui/base-ui: docs/src/app/(docs)/react/components/radio/page.mdx

</RadioGroup>;
```

## Examples

### Labeling a radio group

> Label individual radio buttons using an enclosing `<label>` element that wraps each `<Radio.Root>`. Enclosing labels ensure that clicking on any gaps between the label and radio still toggles the control, and announce the label correctly to screen readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Label individual radio buttons using an enclosing `<label>` element that wraps each `<Radio.Root>`. Enclosing labels ensures that clicking on any gaps between the label and radio still toggles the control, and announces the label correctly to screen readers.
```
